struct.task_struct mm
struct.task_struct real_parent
struct.task_struct sched_task_group
struct.task_struct files
struct.task_struct nsproxy
struct.task_struct ptracer_cred
struct.task_struct real_cred
struct.task_struct cred
struct.task_struct security
struct.task_struct splice_pipe
struct.task_struct fs
struct.cred session_keyring
struct.cred process_keyring
struct.cred thread_keyring
struct.cred request_key_auth
struct.cred security
struct.cred user
struct.cred user_ns
struct.cred group_info
struct.super_block s_root
struct.super_block s_xattr
struct.super_block s_d_op
struct.super_block s_vop
struct.super_block s_security
struct.mount mnt_parent
struct.mount mnt_mountpoint
struct.mount mnt_mp
struct.vfsmount mnt_root
struct.vfsmount mnt_sb
struct.inode i_op
struct.inode i_sb
struct.inode i_verity_info
struct.inode i_security
struct.inode i_mapping
struct.dentry d_parent
struct.dentry d_inode
struct.dentry d_op
struct.dentry d_sb
struct.selinux_state status_page
struct.selinux_state avc
struct.selinux_state policy
struct.avc_entry xp_node
struct.shmid_kernel shm_file
struct.file f_security
struct.msg_msg security
struct.kern_ipc_perm security
struct.lsm_info blobs
struct.sock_fprog filter
struct.nsproxy mnt_ns
struct.nsproxy pid_ns_for_children
struct.nsproxy net_ns
struct.nsproxy uts_ns
struct.nsproxy ipc_ns
struct.nsproxy time_ns
struct.nsproxy time_ns_for_children
struct.nsproxy cgroup_ns
